feat(web-forms#752): send deviceID param with submission (#1634)
getodk/central-frontend: packages/web-forms/README.md

- `attachmentMaxSize` (`number`, optional, defaults to 100MB): Maximum size for submission attachments in bytes.
- `editInstance` (`EditInstanceOptions`, optional): Options to resolve and load instance and attachment resources for editing.
- `preloadProperties` (`PreloadProperties`, optional): Properties to make available for binding in the form using jr:preload.

> - `deviceId` (`string`, optional): If provided XXXXX. Ignored if `preloadProperties.deviceID` is given.

Reviewer: I think this is clearer
```suggestion
- `deviceId` (`string`, optional): If provided, used as the device identifier for the submission. Ignored if `preloadProperties.deviceID` is given.
```

Author: Hah. Yeah. The XXX was there to remind me to fix it. Sorry I should have picked it up before submission...

Author: Fixed.
